    1. Establishment 
        1. There shall be a service run by the Department of Defense called the Intelligence Service 
        2. The Service shall be charged with the protection of national security from all threats foreign and domestic, protecting the White House, it’s democracy, and it’s people
  
    2. Membership 
        1. The service shall be led by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
        2. Employees of the White House may be appointed to the Intelligence Service by the Secretary of Defense, Secretary of Homeland Security and/or the President 
        3. Membership to the Intelligence Service is top secret and must not be shared with anyone who doesn't occupy one of the following positions: 
            1. President 
            2. Vice President 
            3. Chief of Staff 
            4. Secretary of Defense 
            5. Secretary of Homeland Security 
        4. Members of the Intelligence Service shall not communicate with other members of the Intelligence Service about matters of national security unless authorised by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Homeland Security.  
 
    3. State Secrets 
        1. All members of the Intelligence Service shall take a legally binding oath, provided by the Executive Office of the President, Secretary of Defense or Secretary of Homeland Security, swearing to never release any state secrets 
        2. “state secrets” shall be defined as: 
            1. The names of any member in the Service, except for those which are already public information 
            2. Their own involvement in the Service 
            3. Any information discussed within the Service regarding national security 
            4. Any information as designated by the Secretary of Defense, President or Chief of Staff 
        3. It shall be a Class A crime to break the oath, regardless of the platform or way the information is shared, which may or may not be pursued through a trial due to the nature of the Service and national security 

